this year I'm probably gonna be big and
I'll be a lot more defined and my
symmetry is a whole lot better because I
was able to shave three inches off my
waist
weighing in at 264 pounds going for
title number four in a row Ronnie
Coleman knows right now at this moment
in the competition is trailing by six
points to Jay Cutler I might add that
know mr. Olympia has ever trailed by six
points going into the evening show
so Ronnie finds himself in the
unfamiliar position of playing catch-up
while trying to defend his title but it
is palpable to make up the deficit he's
got to win this round with purple scores
in the following round the pose down to
outmuscle Jay Cutler for the title the
two-man show at this point the Ronnie
Coleman knows how sweet it is to be mr.
Olympia who's going to give it his all
[Music]
but he came already to show us his
absolute best body part and that is the
width of his back lat spread they called
him a 747 who so wide but knowing that
he's trailing he's got a full op sucking
special
[Music]
to reveal a red white and blue clothes
in front
[Music]
ever the showman Ronnie Coleman
come Abnett